---
author: eyoela

date: 2007-12-05 18:48:40+00:00
layout: single

slug: i-wonder
title: I Wonder ...

categories:
- slow-drip
---

I wonder if I can count,   
The heavenly beings above?   
But more than that I wonder.   
How I can tell you about my love?

￼￼I wonder how God made,   
Such a beautiful thing as a star?   
But more often I wonder,   
How you’re made enchanting like they are.   

It must be because He knew   
I was bound to meet you   
Be mesmerized by you   
And fall in your arms.   

He knew I couldn’t find   
Another that is like you,   
Even if I traveled   
From here to Mars.   

Then he must have also known   
I won’t let you go,   
Unless they pry me away   
￼Unless they put me behind bars.   

***

Every spare minute I have,   
Every time you’re not near,   
It’s to you my heart wanders,   
It’s to you my thoughts steer.   

Then I sit by myself   
And let everything fade.   
Then I start to wonder,   
How special you were made.   

I wonder if you’re like the sun   
In some weird way.   
Like the sun, I take you for granted   
But miss you so much   
When you’ve gone away.   

Like the sun,   
You’re cheerful and bright   
But hurting my heart,   
When ever your not by my side.   

Your eyes will hurt,   
If you’re in the sun   
And you move to the shade   
But it’s my heart that’s hurt   
When you’re taken away.   
Like watching the sunset   
After a radiant day.   

Now I’m sitting wondering   
How I ended up this way   
So deep in love,   
That I’ve lost all concern   
Including my grade.   
I wonder how I lost,   
All my goals and ambitions.   
All the dreams I had made.   

Now I’m left with a daydream   
Of my lovely sun, smiling my way.   
And I’m sitting here admiring,   
Praying that she doesn’t fade.   
